exposing get_average_rydberg_densities (#385)
QuEraComputing/Bloqade.jl: docs/src/registers.md

It is worth mentioning that besides `Op.n`, other single-site operators including the Pauli operators `X`, `Y` and `Z` can also be used. 

> To directly obtain the time-dependent Rydberg density under Hamiltonian evolution, we can use the highly-wrapped function [`get_average_rydberg_densities`](@ref)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To directly obtain the time-dependent Rydberg density under Hamiltonian evolution, we can use the high-level function [`get_average_rydberg_densities`](@ref)
```
